Closes #5231 Clarify release policy for multiple minor releases. (#5228)
az-digital/az_quickstart: RELEASES.md

  - Removal of no-longer-needed patches
- Drupal contrib projects
  - Security updates
  - Patch or minor version updates
  - Addition and removal of contrib modules or patches

#### _Included in Security Patch Releases:_

**Arizona Quickstart (install profile, custom modules, theme)**
- Security updates

**Third-party dependencies**
- Drupal core
  - Security updates
  - Patch-level releases (to stay current with Drupal core)
  - Removal of no-longer-needed patches
- Drupal contrib projects
  - Security updates

#### _Included in LTS Patch Releases:_

**Arizona Quickstart (install profile, custom modules, theme)**
- Bug fixes
- Accessibility improvements
- Performance improvements
- Security updates
- Critical institutional link changes (may include database updates)
- Critical brand changes (may include database updates)

**Third-party dependencies**
- Drupal core  
  - Security updates
  - Patch-level releases (non-security bug fixes)
  - Minor version updates (only included in LTS releases, to maintain alignment with Drupal's long-term support cycle)
  - Removal of no-longer-needed patches
- Drupal contrib projects
  - Security updates
  - Patch or minor version updates

>   - Addition and removal of contrib modules or patches

Reviewer: We might want to remove modules that become deprecated/unsupported.

>   - Addition and removal of contrib modules or patches

Reviewer 2: Per AZ Digital discussion:

```suggestion
  - Removal of contrib modules that become unsupported
  - Addition and removal of patches
```
